Finally 2L! (24 FTM) + photos

Author: urgentlyonline

*000*2025-11-02 21:39

Finally had the time to do a real intense hold this afternoon. I started holding at around noon, then chugged an entire liter of water and got settled in to play some horror games. I was drinking 250mL every 15 minutes from that point on.

After around an hour (2L in), I was feeling a little tingle, and decided to take a photo. My bladder was firm and pressing on it make the urge worse, but as you can see it wasn't especially impressive visually.

An hour after that (3L in), I was actually starting to feel squirmy and full. Getting scared in the game was making me jump a little, so that was making my urge worse. My bladder had grown a good bit, too, and pushing on it barely compressed it.

It really started hitting me half an hour after that (3.5L), I was bouncing, squirming, holding myself when I could get my hands off the keyboard. I could feel my bladder expanding every minute, and had to scoot my chair back so I could fit between it and my desk! I was clenching so hard to avoid leaking whenever something even a little scary happened in game--and my hands were shaking, so I was dying a lot.

Almost three hours in (3.75L), I got called by my housemate to help her do the dishes--which I couldn't refuse without seeming suspicious. So I waddled outside, hiding my bladder under my hoodie, and washed the dishes while trying desperately not to leak--which I managed, mostly. I leaked a little while walking up the stairs to my room, and didn't even bother to try to keep playing my game. All I could do was cross my legs and whine, trying my hardest to not let any more out as my bladder contracted and pulsed in me. I and held on until a few minutes past the three hour mark to take these photos (ignore the stomach bulge lol I had just realized I needed more room to piss in and had to chug the rest of my drink right before I took the pics):

^^You can see my fingers jammed into my urethra here. It was torture to take the photos--it took so long because my hands were shaking so bad.

Then I exploded into my measuring containers--filling up the first quicker than I think I ever have in my life! I even spilled a bit. It didn't slow down much for the final one... until I hit about 1800mL, where it trickled off a bit until I was able to relax and let out... 250mL more, meaning I was holding (at least) 2L!

I took some after photos (also some to show the pee outside of my body), and weighed the bag as well. A little over 2kg--I weigh about 66 kg, so I was about 3% piss, if I calculated correctly.

Not sure if this looks like as much as it felt, but it felt like a LOT.

*013*2025-12-17 22:00

{{21 hours ago, holdenthusiast said:

Dude, I am jealous of your capacity. 2L is insane, with an amazing bladder bulge too. Have you always been able to hold that much?

}}

I think I only measured for the first time a few years ago. The first time I measured I ended up at 1600mL, so I've always had a pretty big bladder. Though I've been holding for a long time so I imagine practice helped before I ever decided to measure.

*014*2025-12-17 22:11

{{16 hours ago, Antispam said:

How long after the pee were those other photos cuz the stomach bulge just looks gone

}}

If I remember correctly, it was a few minutes later. I think one of the reasons the bulge was gone is because I could engage my core muscles to stand normally without my bladder getting in the way.

