Learned several things about myself tonight (NSFW) (24 FTM)

Author: urgentlyonline

*000*2025-11-24 01:55

Don't have it in me for a proper narrative. Also, VERY explicitly NSFW here even beyond the obvious piss kink stuff. Tried out my new dildo tonight, first time I've actually tried to enjoy fucking myself vaginally. Usually it's either painful or entirely pleasureless, so I decided to mix in ol' reliable (holding my piss), to see if that did anything. It did. I only considered documenting it in retrospect, so forgive the lack of proper narrative or image.

Thing #1: Frontal penetration is actually not painful with the inclusion of some minor patience (don't just shove it in there) and one secret ingredient (...lube, the ingredient was lube. Took me six years to figure this out, ffs).

Thing #2: Frontal penetration is SIGNIFICANTLY improved by the presence of an overfull bladder.

Thing #3: I squirt. Quite a bit. Additionally, this causes rather fun noises when I'm fucking a dildo suctioned to my floor.

Thing #4: I can actually physically remove my own ability to piss if I'm shoving something big enough into my hole (specifically, so that the entrance is stretched and compresses my urethra). The dildo I recently acquired is especially suited to this task, apparently.

Thing #5: Cumming from g-spot stimulation the second time forces me to attempt to squirt violently, which can be rendered impossible by employing Thing #4, resulting in one of the weirdest sensations I have ever experienced and a total, actual loss of control following the removal of the blocking object.

Thing #6: I need to remember that my large bladder capacity results in a spectacular puddle, and thereby a spectacular mess, requiring the use of three towels and the heroic but unplanned effort of my socks. It is generally not recommended to begin thinking about this fact immediately upon cumming so hard you start crying, and then watching your puddle rapidly soak and then extend past the designated Sex Towel™ you put down.

All in all, I give the experience a 9/10: should have put down some plastic first.

